# Statistical and Systematic Uncertainties in Weak Lensing Mass Calibration for Optically-Selected Galaxy Clusters.
## Abstract
In this paper, we present an approach to weak lensing mass calibration by incorporating systematic effects into cosmological simulations, addressing a common shortfall in such simulations. We consider three main systematic effects: miscentering, dilution effect, and projection effects, using data from the Mini-Uchuu and Cardinal simulations. We bin the data by richness and redshift. Our analysis reveals that using 5\% of the data as covariance (which mimics future high signal-to-noise data) yields the tightest constraints on mass and concentration. Also, lowering the concentration yields a similar effect in the density profile as the miscentering and dilution effects, which are small-scale effects. We demonstrate that by systematically incorporating these effects into simulations, we can accurately retrieve the actual parameters from observational data, enhancing the fidelity and applicability of simulations in cosmological research. Furthermore, our exploration of small and large radial scales reveals the differential impact of systematic effects, with the small-scale fits exhibiting better constraining power and agreement with the data. This is because the projection effect is a predominantly large-scale effect. We also found that, generally, the mass bias diminishes with the increase in redshift bins. However, within the same richness bin, the mass bias increases with an increase in the redshift bin. The insights gained from this study contribute to our enhanced understanding of the systematic effects and how to factor them into existing analytic models and simulations. This will allow for more accurate analyses of the latest data releases from astronomical surveys.
